today I'm going to show you how
to move these germinating
chestnut seeds to another
location it's more conducive to
growing them out to maturity
this is optimum size for
planting once they get this big
they get to be kind of unruly
but the only reason why I knew
these were starting to germinate
was because of these little
boogie starting to pop up out of
the out of the substrate let's
go ahead and toss it in a pot
here
tap them in get a drink of water
and repeat what you got your
chestnut seedlings potted up in
their pots keep them in a warm
spot until the threat of last
frost has passed
we're keeping them on a rocket
mass heater bench in our house
and that will give them plenty
heat and they'll grow up pretty
well and adequate sunlight comes
in here to keep them going
somewhere maybe middle or late
May we'll go ahead and put them
outside the ground and they
should be should be good to go
should be able to take care of
themselves after that they go
ahead and find the chestnut
forest and people will be
reaping the benefits for
generations to come